I promise you, you will bring it to your mouth,
You ask you to analyze. Can't touch my child.
Okay, mom promises you,
Gentlemen, and this job,
I may not be able to continue.
I, gentlemen,
Don’t worry, the 500 questions you gave me,
I will definitely find a way to get there.
If so, let’s not talk about 500 questions yet.
My Gu family is not a place where you can come and leave whenever you want.
Me, I'm getting married. Who will you drink when you get married?
Amplify all sides of one thought and
The source of the wind is something you can pretend to be
It's the Fang family you married that will suffer.
According to time, the love of running away from a legacy
You are really good at it, tell me
as you approach your process
This is what woke me up
I didn't approach you intentionally
You don't have to tell me this
You don’t need to tell me the location
Want me Gu Jiabao
As for the 5 million
You did Fangzi
I'm not worried either